Lin Xinyue, here I come
Your speed is not slow
No, I didn't think of it.
Once an ant
Can get to this point
Lin Xinyue, this is all your fault
I, Ye Wuji, am not a shameless person
If you thought I wasn't good enough for you
Make it clear in private
I will definitely be Song Huahui
But you don't change who you are
Treat me like an ant
Disregarding the feelings of the two families in public
Not only humiliated me
Humiliated the ancestors of my Ye family
Oh.
It's me Lin Xinyue
I said 30 years in Hedong
Thirty Years Hexi
Don't bully young people
And here I am today.
Just to take the humiliation you gave me in the first place
Pay back in full
Ye Xiu
I have never liked to distinguish books
You say you
Stay quietly in the small place of the number into the sect
How nice
Get it now
Really troublesome
Now until you regret it
No.
I think you misunderstood
in trouble
Just solve it
You are no different to me than you used to be
You used to be an ant
You are the same now
Ma Pinzong World